Come do one
It's time to arrive at the store, it's coming soon.
Hi, here we come.
Ruxian, why are you so late?
Ouch, forget it.
A guy named Shen Rong came to our house
I don't know where my mom saw through
Don't say you're with me and him
Oh, not bad.
I have met the parents. How are the family conditions?
How about our real name?
Big glutinous rice
My family Xu
The young father is an executive of the neutral group
What was that?
No money, no power
There's no place in the middle or the bottom.
How can you live in our house now?
How can I compare with your group of merchants?
How can that work?
People like him are not in the same world as us at all
Is that so?
The kid will come in a while
I'll take care of him for you
Let him know.
Not everyone can follow our season
A beautiful woman
Wait a minute, you must teach him a good lesson for me
Let him retreat
Here. Cheers. Cheers.
Me, just him
Lucy, it's not safe here
I can't protect you for a while
Why don't you come back with me first?
What do you mean?
When you first arrive, you must take Ruxin with you.
He really thinks of himself as his new fiancé
You don't see what virtue you have
Do you deserve it? I'm sorry, hurry up and get out of here.
This place is not for you
Why don't you go home first?
Then I'll go to the bathroom first
start
Stop
Why are you going?
You have to rely on your heart
You are so thick-skinned
To look but not to look
Can't be patient
Who gave you the courage to pursue someone without losing heart?